Create a crud menu in the admin area using the backpack module. It will be named orders. In it we see a table with all orders sorted by default by id desc. The table fields should include order id, date, status, type, provider, user.name, user.email, receiver.name, receiver.email. The date filter should be a date range filter. The user.email, receiver.email filters should be a select2 filter. The status, type, and provider should be dropdown filters. This means that there would need to be two left joins with the users table in order to retrieve the names and emails from the ids in the orders table. At the end of the table there should be a buttons column with view, update, and delete buttons for that row. The view and update buttons open the Read and Update views. There should be a create button above the table which allows an admin to create a top-up order for any user - takes you to the craete page. The columns which have data from the users table should be clickable and take you to the view page for that user in the admin area.

The _form for the orders should allow you to choose the received, the Top Up provider, and the amount. The order is created by the admin user.

Research if we have the necessary libraries to create that, if not - look on github for suitable packages. Keep the controllers thin. Use the services and events we have already defined and build on top of them functionalities - like the ability of an admin to create a top-up order for another user. Create unit and laravel dusk tests for the backend and frontend.

Create a transactions crud menu. This will list all transactions for all users. It will show type, status, excerpt from the description, created_by.email (hyperlink to profile), order_id (hyperlink to order view), created_at, buttons column with view/update/delete buttons. Filters will be a dropdown for type, and status; daterange for created_at; created_by - select2, order_id - input text; Order by transaction.id desc by default. Use the same library to create the table as the orders crud. Add a create transaction button which takes you to the Create transaction page.

The _form for the transactions should have a type (debit-credit), amount (automatically + for credit and - for debit), description fields. The status becomes active immediately. No order_id is needed. The created_by field is automatically filled from the admin user's session.

Same instructions for the controllers - thin, use the services and events to implement the necessary functions, and build on top of the existing ones. Create unit tests and dusk tests for backend and frontend.